# Vehicle-Routing-Problems-with-stochastic-Demands
The vehicle routing problem is a combinatorial optimization and integer-programming problem, which asks "What is the optimal set of routes for a fleet of vehicles to traverse in order to deliver to a given set of customers?" In real-time fleet management, vehicle routes are designed on an ongoing basis while vehicle positions, travel times and customer demands are revealed over the planning horizon. In order to address these issues, a new generation of fast online algorithms capable of taking into account uncertainty is required. While a number of publications on this subject have been written, research on real-time vehicles has been published. Vehicle routing problems (VRPs) are central to logistics management in both the private and public sectors. They consist of determining optimal vehicle routes through a set of users, subject to side constraints. In this project, a real-time vehicle routing algorithm will be implemented. There are real-time vehicle routing applications that could be resolved more quickly when computed in parallel. 
	
	The term Stochastic means having a random probability distribution or pattern that may be analyzed statistically but may not be predicted precisely. In this context it has been used for implementing random nodes for the Vehicle Routing Problem while it works with specific given conditions and parameters. The definition of the problem implemented here is that we have a number of customers that have a demand for a delivery. Which are the optimal (minimal) routes for a fleet of vehicles starting from a single point (depot) to deliver the requested goods in all customers. Finding optimal solution is a NP-hard problem so heuristic strategies are proposed for approximation of the optimal solution. 

